urxvt.scrollBar:       false
urxvt.visualBell:      false
urxvt.iso14755:        false
urxvt.iso14755_52:     false
urxvt.perl-ext-common: font-size
urxvt.keysym.C-Up:     font-size:increase
urxvt.keysym.C-Down:   font-size:decrease
urxvt.keysym.C-S-Up:   font-size:incglobal
urxvt.keysym.C-S-Down: font-size:decglobal
urxvt.keysym.C-equal:  font-size:reset
urxvt.keysym.C-slash:  font-size:show
urxvt.xftAntialias:    true
urxvt.depth:           32
urxvt.font: xft:DejaVu Sans Mono:style=Regular:pixelsize=14,\
            xft:Noto Sans CJK JP:style=Regular:pixelsize=14,\
            xft:Noto Sans Mono:style=Regular:pixelsize=14

urxvt.background:     [20]#3f3f3f
urxvt.foreground:         #dcdccc
urxvt.color0:             #3f3f3f
urxvt.color1:             #cc9393
urxvt.color2:             #7f9f7f
urxvt.color3:             #d0bf8f
urxvt.color4:             #6ca0a3
urxvt.color5:             #dc8cc3
urxvt.color6:             #93e0e3
urxvt.color7:             #dcdccc
urxvt.color8:             #000000
urxvt.color9:             #dca3a3
urxvt.color10:            #bfebbf
urxvt.color11:            #f0dfaf
urxvt.color12:            #8cd0d3
urxvt.color13:            #dc8cc3
urxvt.color14:            #93e0e3
urxvt.color15:            #3F3F6A
urxvt.cursorColor:        #aaaaaa
!urxvt.cursorColor2:       #
urxvt.colorUL:            #366060
urxvt.underlineColor:     #dfaf8f
urxvt.highlightColor:     #000000
urxvt.highlightTextColor: #FFFFFF
!urxvt.colorBD:           #
!urxvt.colorIT:           #
!urxvt.colorRV:           #
!urxvt.scrollColor:       #
!urxvt.troughColor:       #
!urxvt.pointerColor:      #
!urxvt.pointerColor2:     #
